---
layout: post
title: Looking at the Future
---

When looking to the future of computer technology, artificial intelligence (AI) is king. The creation of a system that can adapt and learn to change situations in a fascinating concept. AI would bring lots of benefits to humans. However, it also brings up many concerns about the future. If you have watched things such as Terminator, or even saw Cortona from Halo turn out at the end of Halo 4 you can get an idea of what people fear in the creation of AI. In my opinion, all these fears need to be taken into consideration when we develop AI as well as the benefits that AI bring to the table. If you have watched something like Iron Man, you know that Javis helps Tony Stark fight crime. Think of a future were AI could help detectives find criminals by going through all the camera footage rather than having the detective go over the footage, AI would also be able to complete this task at record time in comparison to a human. Think of waking up and being able to tell your personal home AI to open the curtains and start your coffee machine. These are all things that could be a reality with the creation of AI.

When looking at the negatives of AI we need to understand what AI would be capable of. AI revolves around the ability of the computer being able to teach and create new things the same as humans, and we have seen this happen at this time. Facebook had two chatbots AI create their own language, and Google created an AI that taught itself how to walk. So if AI can teach itself new tricks where do the possibilities stop? Some say to stop the worry of AI hurting humans like in terminator we would only have to put in laws that the AI cannot break, but there is a caveat in this thinking. Let's say that we create an AI that has these laws, whats to stop the AI from creating another version of itself that does not need to abide by these laws. Since AI can learn and adapt it could find loopholes in the laws the same way people find loopholes in the real world to avoid taxes.

In certain respects, the ability to learn and adapt to a situation creates both good and evil; we see this in humans. We can learn good habits, and we can learn bad ones what stops a computer that can learn from doing the same. AI is the future, and it will become a growing field of research, there's no stopping it. However, we must think thoroughly about how we approach the development of AI.
