---
layout: post
title: My Experience at Bloc
---

When I first wanted to learn how to code I was thinking about going down the self-taught route which is a great way to learn how to code. It allows you to pass all the fluff that a college degree in coding requires and lets you learn from experience rather than conceptual lectures. It gives you the opportunity to build up your portfolio. However, it was not the right path for me; I found that I was jumping from one language to another not truly mastering anything because I did not know where to look at times for answers to certain problems that I was facing. I knew I did not want to learn to code in college since I am already majoring in finance, so double majoring in different areas would mean I would be in college for longer, and I believe that is the worst thing to do, the experience is much more valuable. So, I looked into coding boot camps that would allow me to be able to learn online so that it would not interfere with college. That is when I stumbled upon Bloc. Bloc gave me the opportunity to learn how to code while also being able to finish my college degree. They assigned me a mentor that helped guide me through areas that I struggle with and most importantly it taught how where to look when searching for the solution to problems I was struggling in. I learned that coding is something that can always be improved, just because a program works does not mean you cannot make it better. After going through Bloc, I would say that the most significant thing I learned is how to teach myself a new coding language.
